hello friends and bullfighters as they are
spreading good the premiere of
installation of minecraft mod a new
motor to mic point three points and
well this is called erbol
erbol ere or something like that the year of
marijuana the game of minecraft and you the
you can smoke and a the creator of this
mode is German law follows is the creator
in this very good way and I'm not going to
teach how to install it first thing are to
the page that I leave the description
which is the official forum of the doctor
charge on the blog on a motorcycle
for minecraft 1.30 point 1 1 for
download it go down here
where it says toma tring we click here
will fly
and we waited five seconds of comedy
and we're going to skip advertising
Automatically download the museums
week the second link to which they are
written though is the forum of reason
same
the one with the motivator and good
loading some are from the page
we go down
and here where they say 1.3 point modules
we click on direct dongo
and they will download directly when I
I recommend you pass the two files in
his desk
well we made a start
and in the search engine we were percent
for pt up to percent enter the
roaming folder
macro point
ping minecraft point and right click
April with a king
we can close our point and it's not
good our folder called goal
in limited
once removed we open our module
Let's see
we select everything and we pass it to
our kraft with towel
we open the boil
version 1.3
we select everything and pass it by hand
contrary
with these comedians installed
I'm going to install the too many times and
open the biggest one and came back with
you because I'm in minecraft and
James in the module to see if he add
items permanent forgiveness you for
grab everything you want while
know how to install a tutorial of the
channel for micro 1.3 point 1-1 be it
we leave
now there is no crater or anything
the world
but not world
i
here we already have take items to remember
here is the mode we are going to train them in
the double pipe
leaving provided new right click
we play and with great distorts the
screen
do not you know that
with these doubles we can all cast w
as you will see it is very good there are also
wood
good and of all this there is also
Mari cookies that recover you all
your life your hunger and forgiveness
this very interesting is very good
I hope you liked this way neither
they even have more modes or some
computer tutorial ask us for the
and see you until 5